hi guys this video is going to be about
predator vision version one I have got
the mod two basically where I think it
is worthy of being a full version one
release now it is using the sky UI MCM
menu but it doesn't require it to work
now for those of you who don't know what
predator vision is it is a mod that
originally started out for vampires one
of the things that annoys me about
vampires in Skyrim is that their night
vision power is terrible it really
doesn't make things easier to see
especially if you're using a very dark
nights not so with this mod installed
the night vision has been improved as
you can see dramatically instead of a
sort of monochrome very blurry vision
you get almost color almost of daytime
type colors the colors are very vibrant
your vision is very very clear indeed
and I think this is how it should be for
the creatures of the night but it also
adds another power which is the predator
vision and the predator vision is
similar again you activate it as a power
as you see it's a little bit more blue
however all warm-blooded creatures will
seem to glow you can even see them a
little bit through walls at short
distances which will allow you to hunt
down your your food a little easier now
that is two separate powers and
obviously powers can be a little awkward
to set up however there it the vampire
sight power the original one has now
been reworked so that it basically
toggles through all the other settings
so here it is off I press it once when I
get a night vision press it again I get
predator vision and again
and night vision off so if you only want
to use the power and don't want to keep
switching the powers in your menu that
one is the option if you prefer to have
separate powers and go straight to it
you can use those but for those of you
who are using skse one point six point
three or later you can actually access
these powers via key presses so you
don't even need to assign powers to them
if I press the N key I get the night
vision and if I press the B key I get
predator vision if I press the B key
again to turn predator vision off it
switches off but it leaves the night
vision on so I can quickly tap the
predator vision find my prey predator
vision off and still have the night
vision until of course I press the N key
again now in the early beta mod to
change the key press you held it down
for a few seconds but you don't have to
do that anymore
if you have the sky UI with the MCN menu
that's version 3 and go along to mod
config you'll see predator vision now
has the option to change both the night
vision key and the predator vision key
and you can change it to anything you
want really up to you now currently keys
are the only things you can change in
the MCM menu but I may be adding some
other options as well now I'm using the
realistic lighting mod here with very
dark interiors to show you the next
feature I have now expanded the werewolf
support previously in zero nine one you
got predator vision and night vision if
you are a werewolf in werewolf form
however now if you are a werewolf even
in the human form or the non werewolf
form you now have access to the night
vision and toggle the night vision on
and off very useful if you're a if
you're a werewolf
however the thermal vision does not work
at all in this form
however once you change form into the
beast form
you will get night vision and thermal
vision the predator vision be aware
though you will be able to see yourself
you are a warm-blooded creature you are
not undead you are not a vampire
and as an added bonus in version 1 you
also get the night vision if you are a
coach eat so instead of having to use
the Khajiit power to turn on night
vision which I still don't think is very
good
you can now taggle toggle the night
vision on and off at will using the same
keys as if you were a vampire or a
werewolf however of course you do not
get the predator vision anyway guys I
hope you enjoy the mod feel free to give
me constructive feedback if you have any
and I hope this video helped see you
guys next time